Java String Exercises
=====================

1. Write a Java program to get the character at the given index within the String. 



2. Write a Java program to get the character (Unicode code point) at the given index within the String. 



3. Write a Java program to get the character (Unicode code point) before the specified index within the String. 



4. Write a java program to count a number of Unicode code points in the specified text range of a String. 



5. Write a java program to compare two strings lexicographically. 



6. Write a java program to compare two strings lexicographically, ignoring case differences. 



7. Write a Java program to concatenate a given string to the end of another string. 



8. Write a Java program to test if a given string contains the specified sequence of char values. 



9. Write a Java program to compare a given string to the specified character sequence. 



10. Write a Java program to compare a given string to the specified string buffer. 



11. Write a Java program to create a new String object with the contents of a character array. 



12. Write a Java program to check whether a given string ends with the contents of another string. 



13. Write a Java program to check whether two String objects contain the same data. 



14. Write a Java program to compare a given string to another string, ignoring case considerations. 



15. Write a java program to print current date and time in the specified format. 

Sample Output :

Current Date and Time :                                                                                       
June 19, 2017                                                                                                 
3:13 pm 
N.B. : The current date and time will change according to your system date and time.



16. Write a Java program to get the contents of a given string as a byte array. 



17. Write a Java program to get the contents of a given string as a character array. 



18. Write a Java program to create a unique identifier of a given string. 



19. Write a Java program to get the index of all the characters of the alphabet. 

Sample string of all alphabet: "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."



20. Write a Java program to get the canonical representation of the string object. 



21. Write a Java program to get the last index of a string within a string. 

Sample string of all alphabet: "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."



22. Write a java program to get the length of a given string. 



23. Write a Java program to find whether a region in the current string matches a region in another string. 



24. Write a Java program to replace all the 'd' characters with 'f' characters. 



25. Write a Java program to replace each substring of a given string that matches the given regular expression with the given replacement. 

Sample string : "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."

In the above string replace all the fox with cat.



26. Write a Java program to check whether a given string starts with the contents of another string. 



27. Write a Java program to get a substring of a given string between two specified positions. 



28. Write a Java program to create a character array containing the contents of a string. 



29. Write a Java program to convert all the characters in a string to lowercase. 



30. Write a Java program to convert all the characters in a string to uppercase. 



31. Write a Java program to trim any leading or trailing whitespace from a given string. 